>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And I
think many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
In this edition,
we're going to be
talking with an
independent researcher who
is an expert on Egypt.
Larry Dean Hunter.
And I had an opportunity
a few months ago
to meet Larry at a conference
in the Los Angeles area.
And he gave me a little
piece of the pyramid.
And we'll talk about
that a little bit
later on in the program.
Larry, welcome.
It's good to see you again.
>>LARRY HUNTER: Thank you
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in studying Egypt?
>>HUNTER: In 1979,
or thereabouts,
the country was
servicing shortage
of energy-- gas, gas lines.
President Carter was
president at that time.
And he was looking for
a little black box idea.
Well, I was looking
at the Great Pyramid
as possibly, at that
time, an alternative
to the nuclear fossil
fuel-based energy systems.
And so I was studying it.
And so it started
out researching.
David Davidson from
1925, his books
that describe the light
interacting with the pyramid,
and how it would
interplay with the area.
And so basically
I went to Egypt,
and then came back
and went to Mexico
and studied the pyramids there.
And then I got my
celestial connection
to a terrestrial motion.
In other words, I got
my math base down.
So I wrote a patent
on the Great Pyramid
as a primary
controller of sunlight.
And that's what started it off.
>>NOORY: You know, I've been
fascinated with the pyramids
since I was a little kid.
My father was born in
Cairo-- God rest his soul.
But I've never been there.
And he had never been back.
But as a little boy,
I was fascinated
with the pyramids, trying to
figure out how they made them,
what they were for.
Are you at a point
now in your career
where you can answer
those questions?
>>HUNTER: I'm sorry
you had to wait
so long to find those answers.
But hopefully today
we will address
those specific
interests that you had.
Because those are the same
things that I had also.
After I discovered
the high technologies
of the gravitational astronomy,
the pyramid expressing
all the laws that govern
gravity as it relates
to the Earth around the sun
over vast periods of time,
I couldn't find a civilization
that made any sense.
Nothing.
It's like the Egyptians
said they did this,
but their sciences
didn't make sense.
>>NOORY: Didn't
match it, did it?
>>HUNTER: I needed
to go somewhere else.
And so then I started
to get into the geology.
And then you get
into astronomy also,
because it is 10
years in the Navy.
I understand you were
in the Navy also.
>>NOORY: Nine years.
>>HUNTER: And mine was as
a navigator, quartermaster,
moving ships around the world.
And so I had a good background.
>>NOORY: Mine was
an officer, Larry.
And a gentleman.
>>HUNTER: [LAUGHS]
Well, it led me
to go outside the
box of the paradigm.
It required more study.
So a lot of the trips over
there, you see things.
And it's just like,
how does this merge?
And so after about 36
trips and 40 years later,
I think I have a
grasp on it now.
And when you say
how are they made,
the philosophy,
or the Egyptology
would say that they cut
them and dragged them.
And I couldn't find
that in my photography.
I would photograph
everything that
would argue with
that point, where
if they say they
cut a block, well,
on the causeway from the
Sphinx to the Great Pyramid,
there's a lot of
little white boxes
that are like
concrete blocks today.
When we pour them,
we put the cement in
to fill up the concrete.
Well, it wasn't any
different on the Giza Plateau
from this area coming
up through here.
And so I started
photographing them.
And I could see the box
because the cement that was
on the sides has come aside.
And you can see all
these little coins
that we have here on the
table were just packed in.
And not one of them was cut.
So there was no cutting
involved in this.
They were poured.
>>NOORY: Everything was poured.
>>HUNTER: Everything.
And then when you
get into "let's bake
a cake" kind of
scenario, the smallest
of the aggregate
that I could find
was down at 1/64th of an inch.
And from there they would
be like seven groups
of small, bigger, up to the
size of a silver dollar.
But all the silver
dollar sizes were not
used in mastabas
and the plateau.
They were only in
the Great Pyramid.
Then you get into the mastabas.
You would never
find the large ones.
You would find them smaller.
And then when you get down
into the hieroglyphics that are
there, you see the wind blown.
And then you find
all the little ones.
So if you could find it in
nature where these things were
growing, where you could
just get just the babies,
and get just this size,
and get just those,
I would find that amazing.
But as you see, these
coins, when they decompose,
they fall out on the ground.
There's billions of them.
But you don't really notice
them until you collect them
and then put them in rows.
Like you have whole
row just this size.
>>NOORY: Why do you
call them coins?
>>HUNTER: Well, because
one of my friends--
the ancient teachers.
Not ancient-- they're dead now.
But Ahmed Shire and Ahmed
Mohammed Abdelhadi Fayed
were my guides to understand.
The Fayed family, his
family was archaeologists.
They worked in the Saqqara.
But you can see they're
different sizes.
Now what you don't notice is
that if you put them in a row,
and then you get
the next one, there
is a space in here
between these stones
that you will not ever find one
that will come in between them.
So there are different sizes
from like eight, seven, six,
four.
>>NOORY: What were
they used for?
>>HUNTER: That's what mixes
to make the blocks, everything
that you see on
the Giza Plateau.
This is a piece of
decomposing today.
But you'll see the
size of these coins
go all the way to
the little ones.
And then this sort of
a glassy look about it,
because it's silicon.
It's a glass.
>>NOORY: Does this break down?
Do these break down?
>>HUNTER: Over time,
when they're exposed.
Because it's like the
pulp on the tooth.
The enamel would
be the limestone
that used to cover
the Great Pyramid.
And it was highly
reflective and polished.
But it was used like a
quarry over the history.
>>NOORY: How'd you get
those out of Egypt?
>>HUNTER: Well, it's dirt.
>>NOORY: You just took them?
>>HUNTER: It's dirt.
Rocks.
They don't recognize the
significance of them.
>>NOORY: Were they're scattered
all around the pyramids?
>>HUNTER: Around the
village, the pyramids.
I mean, they're all over Egypt.
Not just in the Giza Plateau.
When I go look--
>>NOORY: In this form?
>>HUNTER: In this form.
And the existing
structures, if you look,
you'll see those coins.
But then if you look
down on the ground,
the ground is also
made of these coins.
And then underneath those,
you get into strata.
And it's like nothing--
>>NOORY: Well, let's-- let's--
These aren't naturally made?
>>HUNTER: No.
No.
They're manufactured.
>>NOORY: These are
all manufactured?
>>HUNTER: It's the same--
>>NOORY: They made them
in this round look.
>>HUNTER: And if
you look, each one
of those coins, if you break
them in half-- because there's
two halves to this
coin-- you will
see that there are little
range rings all inside.
Now those range rings
go down to the center.
And I don't know
if it has something
to do with the manufacturing
techniques of these,
but they are--
>>NOORY: Are they
supposed to fit like that?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
Well, now if you look at
the side of that coin,
and you split them apart,
you will see both of them
the rings.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
But what's the purpose of this?
>>HUNTER: It's a strong stone.
It's like the
aggregate today, we
use different size of rocks
for different structures.
No different here.
>>NOORY: So that was like mixed
into what we would call mortar
these days?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
Yes.
This is the aggregate
of the mortar.
And then it's glass.
That's why you can't date it
because there's no carbon in it
at all.
The only way we can sort of get
the idea of the age of things
is to look at the mud bricks
that the Egyptians put on top
of these kinds of stones.
And then if you really
want to get the timeline,
you have to go all the way up
into Aswan, and up into Sudan,
and watch the water come down.
If you took the timeline,
like carbon dating,
this up at the upper
where the water was high,
civilization was not
here because the water
was on top of it.
As the water receded,
the mud will give you
a timeline of carbon dating
because it has the sea
shells, the straw and things.
And you can actually tell now
how civilization re-encroached
on what was underwater,
and now exposed--
>>NOORY: How old is all this?
>>HUNTER: Well, what I
basically tried to come to was--
because, I first
started it at 200 feet.
And I showed you some where
the water around the Giza
Plateau at 200 feet is
growing sea shells on blocks.
In order to be a
true statement, that
means the water
from the pyramids
all the way across the
Mediterranean is level.
And then all the way up almost
to Abydos is still sea water.
And then all the way over
the other side of the Nile--
>>NOORY: Which is
all gone now, right?
>>HUNTER: Yeah,
The water's gone.
But we can't see-- well,
we see the slosh marks
on both sides of the Nile,
because you have those.
And then you can see
as the water receded,
it did it to the Sphinx up
on the hill, the temples,
the second pyramid.
Up in here you'll find a
lot of that tidal wear.
And then you'll find
Gilgal, I think,
was finding the
sea shells on top
of the blocks of the structures
around the plateau, as well.
>>NOORY: Sea shells there?
>>HUNTER: All over the place.
But now when you get into
the Sphinx area here,
the temple in front
of it-- they've
made it a good effort to break
as many of these sea shells
so you don't see them.
But me, I'm very clever.
I look underneath
the little lobs,
and I see this part
of him is still there.
If you look carefully,
you can see it.
So the part of the
Spinx is under water.
But up above, on the
Western side of the pyramid,
this is higher than this area.
>>NOORY: So this tells
me they built these.
There was no water
then, obviously.
>>HUNTER: Yes.
Before.
>>NOORY: And then
the water came in--
>>HUNTER: Up flood.
>>NOORY: And then
it went away again.
>>HUNTER: And then down.
And then history come back.
Now what is the age of all this?
What I basically looked
at was the boat of Noah,
if it's up at
6,000 feet, if it's
in Turkey, as
they're saying today,
I flooded everything
to that level.
All of Egypt's underwater.
Hands down.
But now when it came down, and
then we get to the 200 foot,
we go out into the
Western deserts of Faiyum.
And here we have a
sanctuary of whale bones.
Those are dating at 40
to 45 million years ago.
Now when that water
locked the whales in,
and then it went on down,
they then turned to fossils.
>>NOORY: So how old are you
saying the pyramids are?
>>HUNTER: Well, I'm
more or less focused
on the flood part of it.
And that's about 65
million years ago.
>>NOORY: And you're
saying the pyramids were
there prior to the flood.
>>HUNTER: Absolutely.
Because this is the
stories of the Anunnaki.
>>NOORY: So where you get the
years of 5,000 or 10,000 years
old?
Where does that come from?
>>HUNTER: That's Egyptology.
And that's why I take it to the
level of independent research,
because I don't want to get
trapped under the paradigm of,
if you disagree with
them, you're a heretic.
I look at the geological,
astronomical, and social--
all the evidences.
And then put them back.
And it all reads like a book.
And you need that zero Noah
flood, dinosaurs, destructions,
iridium around the planet that
may have been the balloon that
kept the firmament up.
And then when it
punched through,
the extra atoms caused
the extra water.
And then going inside,
the Earth heated up
and caused the waters to rise.
Then you could see
this tremendous upswell
of water added with the down.
So then it took millions of
years for this to come down.
Because if the whales
are dating at 45,
and you've got petrified
forest, and you've
got a city that is incredible.
This is an example.
In this drawing here you
can see these old lines
where they were digging
a hole and coming out.
What is underneath
this hole that
was bigger than the Sphinx in
1926 when Salim Hasan, the--
>>NOORY: Where's the
Sphinx in this picture?
>>HUNTER: Sphinx is right here.
>>NOORY: This is it?
Right here?
>>HUNTER: And over here is
where they're digging now.
But you can go down here
and underneath this directs
tunnels to the pyramid.
And then they also would go
round over to the Sphinx.
In this particular area
here, some of the people
that live here, they
follow the work's going on.
Then after the doctors
leave, they go in.
They go downstairs,
they go around.
And they find a
25-foot basalt boat
in a very large room
underneath the plateau.
And they give me good
descriptions of all this.
But this is a very short show.
And there's just
too much information
to pump out very quickly.
>>NOORY: You've got a laser
pointer with you, right?
>>HUNTER: Yeah.
That's probably
better if I do this.
All right.
So when you look at this,
there's just so many pieces.
It's like handles
on a coffee cup.
You want to just
drink it comfortably.
But until you can find the
correct theory or analysis that
explains all of it,
you're a blind man
trying to describe an elephant.
For you, the parts you're
touching, that's what he is.
But if five other people are
getting different pieces,
then the reader, if he
reads, doesn't get it
unless he reads all five books.
>>NOORY: Why don't you show
us with your laser pointer
the geography of all this?
Tell us what we're looking at.
>>HUNTER: All right.
This is the Giza Plateau, right,
as photographed on Google Earth
or something.
But this has been
floating around
on the internet for a long time.
Over here is Aida,
the opera house.
This is no longer here.
But right now you see this
little area on the picture,
this is the Collins tomb
NC2 where he goes in.
It was the tomb of the birds.
And if you follow that line--
like this is north and south.
If you go straight here,
it will cross right
in the center of Aida.
And what most people
don't realize next
is that if you took
an east/west line
and you come straight across,
you will also hit this.
So you have a north/south
and an east/west axes
that is associated
with this opera house.
>>NOORY: You think everything
was laid out mathematically
to be perfect?
>>HUNTER: I'm saying that
this structure today is
a cover for something that
was going on that they
didn't want us to know about.
Because if you go in here, when
Collins first went in here,
the sand was high in this tomb.
I followed this one well.
I went there and documented
the history of it.
But when Dr. Hawass
cleared the sand out,
he exposed two
underground areas that
would lead straight to here.
And they were cut out--
or long corridors.
>>NOORY: And when
you say, they didn't
want us to know-- what
was going on, who's they?
>>HUNTER: Dr. Hawass.
It's suppression of all the
knowledge that's really here.
He will make it disappear,
or it didn't happen.
>>NOORY: Of course,
he's out of it now.
>>HUNTER: Maybe.
I've heard he may be coming
back as administrator.
But that's--
>>NOORY: Well, we'll see.
>>HUNTER: I don't
want to badmouth him
if I need to go back.
>>NOORY: He needs to go to jail.
>>HUNTER: Yeah.
But so basically, this whole
area, when you see-- you
think it's tombs and tombs.
>>NOORY: These are the
three great pyramids.
>>HUNTER: This is Khufu,
Khafre, and Menkaure.
And they also--
>>NOORY: Big, smaller, smallest.
>>HUNTER: Right.
Now when you take the Fibonacci,
and you take this spiral,
and it goes around.
And then you'll come out
into an area in the cemetery
south of the pyramids,
because everything out here
is mathematical like beyond.
If you don't ask the
question and you don't look,
you'll never see it.
But when you apply
sacred geometry,
all these things,
then you start to see.
Because there's people
that have been doing
this research for a long time.
They're Rocky McClelland.
>>NOORY: But what's
the purpose, Larry?
Why the geometry?
Why the precision
behind all of this?
>>HUNTER: Blink your eye once.
Light just traveled around
the planet 7 and 1/2 times.
This is the primary controller
of sunlight in the solar energy
collection process system.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>HUNTER: That's
what my patent is
all about-- US Patent 4509501.
I have it duplicated in seven
countries around the world,
because I wanted this
knowledge to come back up.
It's like abandoned
lost technology
from an ancient time.
I couldn't see the Egyptians.
So I had to come back and be
able to-- if someone asked
me the question,
explain why I disagree
with organized, orthodox
interpretations of all
this stuff.
But when I wrote the
patent-- and you'll
see in some of the
pictures that I provided--
there's a reflection pattern
that makes like a little cross.
And that's a summer
solstice reflection that
will interact on November 1.
You will have the rays are
reflecting through here.
And they will also
duplicate over to here.
These two positions,
there's probably-- they're
calling it the black pyramid.
I think it's right here, because
that's what the math tells me.
>>NOORY: Is it underground?
>>HUNTER: Well, it's level.
And yes, this whole area.
When you say, underground,
let's take underground,
and let's go right here.
JJ Hurtak-- and
the reason I know
this is because the
watchman of the Sphinx
is a dear friend of mine.
And every time that Mr.
Hurtak would go to Egypt,
he would use him.
So he would tell me all the
things that was going on.
These little holes here dug in
the '20s, Hurtak comes along
and digs a hole and goes down.
And this is where he made
this story of the river
rafting, of which he had to
deny, but trust me, it's there.
But he goes underground
river rafting.
He says that the things
are so incredible,
you could put the Sistine
Chapel underneath this plateau.
And it's just awesome.
But this is an
access point here.
And then you've
got one up in here.
>>NOORY: OK.
But you're wandering
a little bit.
I want to know what the
mathematics of all this is.
>>HUNTER: The mathematics
is that the Great Pyramid
is an expression of all the
laws that govern gravity
as it relates to the Earth.
So they created a form that
would interact with the sun.
Sunrise to sunset.
Summer, spring, autumn, winter.
And then for the
next 25,000 years
until we come back to
a processional zero,
and then the cycle would
start all over again.
That's a processional circuit.
But now when you look
at the Milky Way,
where we go 250 million
or so years around
to come back to
the same point, we
have had a lot of processional
circuits through that time.
So the processional was like
the second hands of the galaxy.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>HUNTER: It means that
in order to control light,
you have to have full-on
understanding of all
these elements, because
you're tracking things
that are moving very fast.
And you want to focalize it.
And then you want to distribute
it around the planet.
Not only pyramids in Egypt, but
they're all around the planet.
And every one of them were
interacting in the 65 million
year pre-flood together
as a global power system.
When the flood came, it
wiped everything out.
From Mexican, China,
all the pyramids
that we're rediscovering
today around the world,
no one has addressed
what is the stitching
element that makes them all--
>>NOORY: Are you saying
that these are power plants?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
Light.
Pure-on light.
This is bringing mankind
back into the age of light.
>>NOORY: Are they generators?
What are they?
>>HUNTER: Beyond that.
We have to kind of go into
Nicholas Tesla to understand
how he could pull electricity
from the atmosphere,
down, and then the water
underneath, and the polarities,
and there's the
obelisk transmissions.
And there's so many
things about this.
>>NOORY: If these
were power plants,
as Christopher Dunn has said,
in his-- Giza power plants,
>>HUNTER: Yes, they are.
>>NOORY: What did they
use the power for?
>>HUNTER: Interstellar travel?
I mean, if you go and you
look on this-- let's play
this scenario here.
This southern shafts
will point to Alnitak
in the Orion constellation
belt. The Orion group is
supposed to be Osiris in myth.
Myth is kind of--
in the sequence
here, the Earth before
Osiris was 360-day orbit.
Well, something in
the curse of this
said that these children
couldn't be born
in the existing 360-day year.
So Thoth took the difference
between a solar year
and a lunar, and then
came up 144 days later
with the accumulated time to
add five days to the calendar.
So that made the
365-day calendar
that this building
is expressing.
It is a 365-day square circuit,
which is basically the orbit,
or circle orbit of the Earth.
And then from that they
could control the sunlight,
because it is an expression
working in the Earth
turns every 24 hours, 360
degrees, 365 days, summer,
spring.
>>NOORY: I still don't
understand, Larry,
what they use this for.
>>HUNTER: Well--
>>NOORY: I mean, is this just
a pretty design, or what?
>>HUNTER: Let's just say that
in the myth of Osiris, whenever
he died, he was on, like
the light switch on and off.
They moved him to a
place called [INAUDIBLE].
And he lay there for 70 days.
Then he went to
the Great Pyramid.
And from there he sent his soul
to the stars and Orion belt,
or Alnitak-- his star.
All right.
That's kind of-- what?
But that's the ability of
the people in that time.
They could do things like this.
So now the myth says
that he's coming back.
Now I know that if I take
a straw and I can look out
and I can see there's a star.
It's easy.
But now imagine, after I've
shot myself out by the power
that these things can
generate, because you're not
going to send your physical
material at those speeds,
you're going to take your soul.
And off to another star system.
Not planets.
Stars.
>>NOORY: So you're saying
they were traveling
through these pyramids?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Like an astral
body would travel?
>>HUNTER: More or less.
But now imagine in the myth
that Osiris is coming back.
Osiris is the same
as Jesus and Moses.
I mean, if you go
back and you'll
find all these things
sort of track along.
But now he's coming back.
Now he's got to come
back to the Earth.
And it's moving at its speed.
And light, if you
blink your eye once,
he's gone seven times
around the planet.
But imagine, he has
to come back and go
in that little hole, four
inches by four inches,
and go back in and
reanimate his body.
That's what this was about.
But that technology--
>>NOORY: Did it work?
>>HUNTER: Well, we
haven't seen Osiris yet.
Or have we?
>>NOORY: No, we haven't.
>>HUNTER: But now in
the village there's
a man who lives
right in this area.
His name as Ahmed Shire.
He told me a story years ago.
He says, Larry,
the body of Osiris
is in this pyramid to this day.
>>NOORY: Right now.
>>HUNTER: Right now.
If Hawass hasn't removed
it or tampered with it.
Now if it is, that's
interesting, because I always
thought he was a myth.
And now I'm getting it--
no, he is a physical body.
And then the first
time he saw it.
And then they called
him back in 1997.
The man's dead now,
so this is just me
relating what he's told me.
They brought him back to see
if anything had happened.
And at that time, because
I'm staying in his house,
and I visit there,
and he's let me
do films in the paws of
the Sphinx with the pyramid
in sunlight over the years.
He told me, Larry, that
body looks just like you.
So I'm going, oh,
now this is personal.
I know me.
I'm a dancer and a
singer and in the Navy.
And I know my life.
I'm not Osiris.
But he can look like me.
I don't have any
problem with that.
I'm not saying I'm Osiris.
But he's telling me that
body looks just like me.
So then all this stuff.
And you go back, and
you get your clocks.
>>NOORY: I don't think that's
too complimentary if you're all
mummified by now.
>>HUNTER: Well, maybe he
just got a new version.
Because in ancient
myth, if somebody
tampered with those
bodies, they would
go into a statue-- the soul.
And the idea of the
black magic of Egypt
was to control that
soul when he came back.
And me in 1979, I'm laying
on the bottom of the pyramid.
And all of a sudden some
energy field goes through me.
And I sit up.
And I have a conversation.
And I don't want to get
into it in the show.
But it's on my website,
larryhunter.com.
>>NOORY: Simple as that.
>>HUNTER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: So you're saying--
and let's regroup here.
>>HUNTER: That we went into--
>>NOORY: Hold on.
Hold on.
Let's regroup.
You're saying the pyramids
are over 65 million years old.
>>HUNTER: By my research.
>>NOORY: By your research.
Who would have built that?
>>HUNTER: Well, I showed
you a picture of a little--
>>NOORY: And where
did those people go?
>>HUNTER: --a little
man with shoes.
And there's a doorway in
the village of the pyramids.
>>NOORY: We'll talk about
him in our next show.
>>HUNTER: But that's where you
say, where does it come from.
Well, if this star goes
to Alnitak in the Orion
constellation, and if Robert
Bauval's work is not quite
correct, because he shifts.
And he can't find
things because he's not
running a north/south
axis to label Bellatrix
in its right position
and Betelgeuse
to the right pyramids.
He's pulled it off.
And he can't find
a couple of them.
If he pulls it back and
labels the Betelgeuse
to the correct pyramid, and
then he'll go to Abu Rawash.
The one he can't find,
he'll go to this area,
and he will find it.
I told him.
He didn't want to
go and correct it.
But anyway, so I went and
replotted-- I'm a navigator.
It's easy for me to do.
Latitude and longitude is
synonymous with declination
and right ascension.
So I match the skies.
>>NOORY: You should
run for politics,
because I can't get a
straight answer out of you.
>>HUNTER: Well, it's all over.
>>NOORY: Who built these?
>>HUNTER: We did, as people.
But it's a universal knowledge
that is here, expressed.
This knowledge will work
on any oblate spheroid
orbiting a stellar body.
>>NOORY: When you say,
we as people built this,
are you saying
civilizations built this
65 million years ago?
>>HUNTER: Push it
back to maybe 125.
65 was when they went offline.
>>NOORY: Humans?
Or extraterrestrials?
>>HUNTER: Well, you've
got this little guy,
looks not quite like a human.
I mean, if you look at the
face, he looks a little bit odd.
But he doesn't look
like the Egyptians
with their little sandals
or anything like that.
>>NOORY: And then they left?
Or they're gone?
>>HUNTER: Well, the
civilization was destroyed.
And so there was nothing
here for such a long time.
And when you get into
the Noah part of this,
Noah was an unaltered DNA
that wasn't infiltrated
by the Nephilim
coming down and having
sex with the daughters
of men, so to speak,
and created the race of giants.
So in the myth of history and
time, God destroyed-- I mean,
I use the word God.
He, she, I don't want
to go into there.
But when that happened,
civilization got another jump
start, but not until mankind--
6-, 7-, 8,000 years ago--
started digging in the
ruins and coming up.
But then you notice
globally, everybody
has the same
celestial constants.
I mean, things that how can
they know 365, 2, 4, 2, 4
is the solar year.
>>NOORY: Well, even how could
people be so off in time?
When you say this is
125 million years old,
and modern Egyptologists
are saying 5,000,
maybe 10,000 years old, we're
talking about a huge disparity.
>>HUNTER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Huge!
And how could they
be so off from you?
>>HUNTER: Well, in this
country, as an example--
>>NOORY: I'm not
saying you're wrong.
But how could they be--
>>HUNTER: No, no.
I can understand.
Because we didn't rediscover
cement until the last
maybe 200 years in the
culture of lost technology.
And then we find it again.
But Rome was using cement.
And they have water cement
that they put under water,
and it still--
>>NOORY: And the Greeks
were using cement.
>>HUNTER: Exactly.
But they got all
that from Egypt.
But then not only
that, so to speak,
because I've been
looking now in Italy,
in the ruins that they're
digging underneath,
and I'm finding these same
coins in the structures
underneath what
would be before Rome.
You know, the history is
on a global level here.
And that's what confuses you
until you get that what caused
all of this, will you start
to when you see it understand,
aha.
Yes, yes, yes.
Now it all makes
chronological sense.
But this is the
reason why I didn't
go for the degree in
Egyptology, because I
had to learn everything, and
say Khufu, Khafre, Menkaure did
this, and so and so,
to get the degree.
And then after I got the degree,
to tell you what I really know,
that's all gone.
The paradigm shifted.
I don't have any
reference base for what
I'm doing in any of
the annals of history.
>>NOORY: Are you guessing?
>>HUNTER: No.
I'm using scientific approaches.
I'm using geology.
As a navigator, I can
plot the Orion stars.
I can pull them down.
I can confirm this building is
an expression of all the laws
that govern gravity
as it relates.
I'm a navigator.
The sciences that I used to
navigate ships around the world
is the same science that's
implied in this building.
So the universal
knowledge-- when
you say universal-- we couldn't
think all this up and know all
that gravity and express
that in that form
if it wasn't some kind
of universal knowledge,
because this is too awesome
for man to think it up,
figure out how to make
these coins, make everything
lay just like it is-- instead of
a father, a son, and a grandson
decided this one.
And then he's little.
And then this one,
he's more rich.
But he builds a smaller pyramid.
They use all kinds of
ways to describe stuff,
just to fit their-- I call
it the romantic Egypt,
Cleopatra and Mark
Antony, and just history.
But there was a
history before that.
And that's we're
all this leads me.
It's a prehistory.
>>NOORY: Is this lost knowledge?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
That's what the patent that I
wrote, it's this abandonment.
Because I asked my attorney
this same question.
I says, Charles, it's
not like I invented this.
I just reverse engineered it.
And this was already
in existence.
He says, well,
Larry, we consider
that an abandoned technology.
So it was abandoned and lost.
And I wrote a patent
that brought it
back up into a usable format
that people could understand.
And it's a little difficult.
I mean, because you're really
a knowledgeable person.
I've watched you for
many years talking
about the Nephilim
and the Anunnaki,
and 450,000 by Zecharia Sitchin.
And so and so.
I mean, it's all in here.
Trust me.
But even you who
have this history
to push you off that mark,
it's a little not so easy.
But hopefully through
this presentation,
you will get an idea
of, maybe he's on it.
>>NOORY: Well, you
know, Michael Cremo
says that civilizations could
be 100 billion years old.
And maybe that echoes this.
>>HUNTER: Look at the Milky Way.
Look at our sun
in the Milky Way.
We're just one of billions.
And then when you go
down to see our sun,
we've got nine or 10
planets orbiting it.
And the knowledge of an oblate
planet moving around the sun,
if you took how many days
it took to go around,
then you set a
measurement system
that's commensurate with
that motion for that planet,
and then erect a geometry that
expresses the number of days
of its orbit around
the sun to govern
the uniquenesses of that
pyramid, that pyramid on that
planet will do the same
thing that this one would
do if it was rebuilt.
>>NOORY: Larry, give out
your website one more time,
would you?
>>HUNTER: Larryhunter.com.
>>NOORY: That's it.
Simple as that.
Larryhunter.com.
In our next edition, we'll
talk a little bit more
about who built these pyramids.
It might shock you.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]